hi everybody this is Valentina from the
real Italian kitchen and today we're
gonna make carbonara so the first thing
I did for carbonara was to put large pot
of water on the stove to boil the pasta
that I'm gonna use is spaghetti by the
chico and they need to cook in abundant
boiling water while that happens I
prepare I grate the cheese that I'm
gonna use which is going to be half
parmigiano-reggiano and half pecorino
romano and I'm gonna cut my main
ingredient of carbonara which is well
actually it's one Charlie but you can't
get it here so I'm using fanchetti that
I bought on supermarket Italy calm you
can find a detailed list of the
ingredients in the more info area below
the video so let's cut it I've never
tried this so I'm really curious its
vacuum sealed and what I want to do is
just cut cut into little cubes
warming up the non-stick pan and I'm
just gonna throw the punch it top in it
and I'm gonna let it sizzle let it brown
and it's gonna create its own oil its
own fat so I'm not gonna add any cooking
time for the spaghetti is nine minutes
I'm gonna cook it for seven minutes and
then check it and see if it's al dente
which is the way I like it our pancetta
is definitely ready
look at how golden-brown it it became
it's nice and crispy I'm gonna turn the
fire off and just let it sit there for a
second until my spaghetti and my eggs
are ready break the egg in a bowl and
then whip it with a fork one thing you
can do to make sure that the egg is not
too runny in the pasta is to pull the
egg out of the fridge earlier so that
it's not fridge cold and warm it up in
some warm water and I also warmed up the
glass bowl with some warm water as well
so that it doesn't it's not gonna cools
down the pasta when we throw it in there
strain the pasta make sure there is no
extra water in it and just mix it in
with the egg see beautiful the
parmigiano mixed with the pecorino a lot
of it and the pancetta with all its
beautiful natural fat
this is for two people and I used
approximately 150 grams of pasta which
is 1/4 of the box there it is it's done
serve with some more parmigiano or
pecorino on top and if you like it and
you can have it some pepper it's
delicious on top of it and la mort de
siouah how they say it in Rome and I
hope you enjoy I hope you try it thank
you for following the real Italian
kitchen touch ow